annot: Soak dry lilly flowers in warm water for 5 min
ACTID: 0
PRED: soak
[DOBJ, food] dry lilly flowers (-1)
[PP, food, in] warm water for 5 min (-1)
annot: cut 5 ounces of tofu into ¼ inch strips
ACTID: 1
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] 5 ounces of tofu (-1)
[PP, other, into] 1/4 inch strips (-1)
annot: Add little vegetable oil in a deep frying pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little vegetable oil  (-1)
[PP, location, in] a deep frying pan (-1)
annot: add little ginger, little black bean paste
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little ginger (-1), little black bean paste (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: add little hot chilli paste
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little hot chilli paste (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: stir
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Next add dry mushroom, bamboo shoot, button mushroom, green onion,cooked chicken cut into small pieces and the dry lilly
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food]  dry mushroom (-1), bamboo shoot (-1), button mushroom (-1), green onion (-1),cooked chicken cut into small pieces (-1),  the dry lilly (0)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: stir
ACTID: 7
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add 4 cups of vegetable stock and boil
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 4 cups of vegetable stock (-1), boil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Add 3 tsp soya sauce, 3 tsp of vinegar, pinch of black pepper, the sliced tofu
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 3 tsp soya sauce (-1), 3 tsp of vinegar (-1), pinch of black pepper (-1), the sliced tofu (1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: cook at high heat
ACTID: 10
PRED: cook
[PP, other, at] high heat (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: Once the soup comes to boil add a mixture of 2 tbsp of cornstarch and 3 ounce of water
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food]  a mixture of 2 tbsp of cornstarch (-1), 3 ounce of water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: stir
ACTID: 12
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: Add 1 beaten egg, little sesame oil
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 beaten egg (-1), little sesame oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (12)
annot: serve
ACTID: 14
PRED: serve
[PP, food, ] (13)